README.md, before:

# groot22

BScDevOps Assign - Team Groot

# Table of Contents
Preamble
Product Owner
Rockstars
Project Deadline
Project Specification
Useful Links
More Information
Risk Register
Tenants of Design
Social Contract
Meetings
Communication
Other
Branching Strategy
Estimating Story Points
Definition of Ready
Definition of Done
Preamble
This is the online repository for the DevOps Assignment.

<>.
Our product will be delivered using an Agile methodology that embraces the DevOps culture. Please note that our culture embraces change and these documents are treated as living, breathing artefacts that will be continuously updated.

# Scrum Master
<>

# Product Owner
John Gallagher - L00152147

# Rockstars
<>
<>
<>

# Project Deadline
Refer to BB for deadlines

# Project Specification
Clean and simple design
User access levels (client, administrator)
Includes at least one self developed api and one webservice
To be run over <specify platform>

# Frameworks
Database
Database persistence technology
Define the buisness Requirements
Named queries and database triggers for security
Regex for cleansing and validation of data before sending to the database.

# Useful Links
Project Slack: https://app.slack.com/client/T0419S2HV9B/C047QMHHA72
GitHub: https://github.com/ruthlennonatu/groot22 

# More Information
For more information visit our other sections

# Section	Description
Process	Describes the companies process
Project Log	Log of project activities
Costings	Overview of the project cost
Architecture	Outlines the architecture
Environments	Overview of the environment set-up
DR Plan	Disaster Recovery Plan and procedures
Requirements	Overview of the requirements for the project
SLAs	Service level agreements
Risk Management	How we manage risk
Security	Overview of security
Project Log	Team log for the project

# Risk Register
These are the current Risks on the project, re-aligned on a weekly basis


# Tenants of Design
Dedication to clean, secure, performant and self documented code
    code Frameworks used
    code coverage tool used
    Secure code: Regex for cleansing and validation, Named queries and database triggers
    performance testing tool to be used
Documentation / code commenting (javadoc)/seperate branch
Datastore for persistence

# Testing:
    Unit testing
    integration testing
    UA
# Environments:
    staging and production
    tight configuration management for consistency and reproducibility
    automated creation and deployments
    integrated and automated pipeline (commit -> test -> deploy)
# Github version control:
    branches used
    version/release management

# Agile project management methods/principles (jira)

# Social Contract
# Meetings
Stand-ups will occur on Every <<Wednesday/11:30-1:30>> during class and <<Thursday/12:30-1:30>> using Automated bot.
The order that people give their updates will be based on <<specify how you chose the order>> of those present at the meeting.
Updates will be in the form: What I've done, Impediments, What I plan to do.
Sprint planning will occur <<Wednesday/11:00>> at the end of our sprint <in person>.
Please add and update items within <<issue management tool>> a prior to the sprint planning session.
Sprint retro will at the end of our sprint on <<Wednesday/11:15>> (timebox retro for 15 minutes, to be organised by the scrum master).
The order that people present their sprint retro updates will be based on <<specify how you chose the order>> of those present at the meeting.
Points raised in the sprint retro will be noted and posted on the slack channel by the Scrum Master. The Scrum Master is rotated per team member every week.
Backlog refinement will happen on <<date/time>> during our sprint.
Task estimation will be done using <<specify tool/mechanism>>. 
Come prepared to meetings.
Be on time for Stand Ups and meetings.
Mobile phones on silent.
Everyone has equal voice and valuable contribution.
Keep your language and tone professional at all times.
Be honest.

# Communication
Slack is the preferred method of communication.
Communication in this order: <<list tools in preferred order>>
If a demonstration is required use Zoom, record the session and upload to the Slack channel.
No Slack communications between "<after 7:00>" TBD.
Raise a problem as soon as you see it.
Respect each other and understand differences in knowledge.
All team documents are to be created using Markdown language and shared on GitHub.
There are no silly questions, if you don’t understand, ask.
Share success stories.
Focus on the positives.
Don’t make assumptions.
Don’t interrupt and cut another person off while they are talking.
Listen when someone is talking, don’t interject.
Zero tolerance for bullying.

# Agile way of working.
If are assigned a job, take ownership of it, and keep it up to date. Stick to your agreed working patterns. Let the team know when you are late or going early. Keep JIRA board always updated. Update the Scrum Board as you progress the story i.e., don’t update at stand-up. Don't be afraid to ask for help. Don't be afraid to give constructive criticism if it is constructive. Solve roadblocks within the team. If the impediment can’t be solved within the team then give it to the Scrum Master. 

Other Sprints will start Wednesdays at 11:00. The Scrum Master role rotates each week, the schedule is available on the on the process section slack and GitHub project board will be used for task management and planning. Each member of the team will work couple hours per week unless they are on vacation. Branching Strategy is each member will create new branch to work on and then merge back into main branch after it is checked from a member of the team.

# Estimating Story Points
The teams team's velocity is calculated by the number of story points we achieve on average in the previous sprints.

The teams current story point velocity is "N/A".

# Definition of Ready
Story is pointed
Enough information to start
Acceptance criteria is defined
Definition of Done
Code
Min of <<how many?>> reviewers
Merged into main
Deployed successfully
Deployment Tested
Documentation
Reviewed, followed and executed by Reviewer
Working solution over documentation

Commit message:

Change made to Communications in readme.md

README.md, after:

# groot22

BScDevOps Assign - Team Groot

# Table of Contents
Preamble
Product Owner
Rockstars
Project Deadline
Project Specification
Useful Links
More Information
Risk Register
Tenants of Design
Social Contract
Meetings
Communication
Other
Branching Strategy
Estimating Story Points
Definition of Ready
Definition of Done
Preamble
This is the online repository for the DevOps Assignment.

<>.
Our product will be delivered using an Agile methodology that embraces the DevOps culture. Please note that our culture embraces change and these documents are treated as living, breathing artefacts that will be continuously updated.

# Scrum Master
<>

# Product Owner
John Gallagher - L00152147

# Rockstars
<>
<>
<>

# Project Deadline
Refer to BB for deadlines

# Project Specification
Clean and simple design
User access levels (client, administrator)
Includes at least one self developed api and one webservice
To be run over <specify platform>

# Frameworks
Database
Database persistence technology
Define the buisness Requirements
Named queries and database triggers for security
Regex for cleansing and validation of data before sending to the database.

# Useful Links
Project Slack: https://app.slack.com/client/T0419S2HV9B/C047QMHHA72
GitHub: https://github.com/ruthlennonatu/groot22 

# More Information
For more information visit our other sections

# Section	Description
Process	Describes the companies process
Project Log	Log of project activities
Costings	Overview of the project cost
Architecture	Outlines the architecture
Environments	Overview of the environment set-up
DR Plan	Disaster Recovery Plan and procedures
Requirements	Overview of the requirements for the project
SLAs	Service level agreements
Risk Management	How we manage risk
Security	Overview of security
Project Log	Team log for the project

# Risk Register
These are the current Risks on the project, re-aligned on a weekly basis


# Tenants of Design
Dedication to clean, secure, performant and self documented code
    code Frameworks used
    code coverage tool used
    Secure code: Regex for cleansing and validation, Named queries and database triggers
    performance testing tool to be used
Documentation / code commenting (javadoc)/seperate branch
Datastore for persistence

# Testing:
    Unit testing
    integration testing
    UA
# Environments:
    staging and production
    tight configuration management for consistency and reproducibility
    automated creation and deployments
    integrated and automated pipeline (commit -> test -> deploy)
# Github version control:
    branches used
    version/release management

# Agile project management methods/principles (jira)

# Social Contract
# Meetings
Stand-ups will occur on Every <<Wednesday/11:30-1:30>> during class and <<Thursday/12:30-1:30>> using Automated bot.
The order that people give their updates will be based on <<specify how you chose the order>> of those present at the meeting.
Updates will be in the form: What I've done, Impediments, What I plan to do.
Sprint planning will occur <<Wednesday/11:00>> at the end of our sprint <in person>.
Please add and update items within <<issue management tool>> a prior to the sprint planning session.
Sprint retro will at the end of our sprint on <<Wednesday/11:15>> (timebox retro for 15 minutes, to be organised by the scrum master).
The order that people present their sprint retro updates will be based on <<specify how you chose the order>> of those present at the meeting.
Points raised in the sprint retro will be noted and posted on the slack channel by the Scrum Master. The Scrum Master is rotated per team member every week.
Backlog refinement will happen on <<date/time>> during our sprint.
Task estimation will be done using <<specify tool/mechanism>>. 
Come prepared to meetings.
Be on time for Stand Ups and meetings.
Mobile phones on silent.
Everyone has equal voice and valuable contribution.
Keep your language and tone professional at all times.
Be honest.

# Communication
Slack is our primary communication method. Slack communication can be used at any time although if it is sent later in the evening/ at night these messages may not get answered until the next day. Weekend communication is also allowed but due to people working and having other commitments not everyone will be able to answer the questions in a timely manner and therefore for numerous reasons a message sent on the weekend may not get answered until Monday. When an issue is discovered make it known ASAP. All team documents are to be created using Markdown language and shared on GitHub. If slack is unavailable for any reason throughout the duration of the project, emails will be used. No question is a silly question, everyone should feel safe to ask any questions or express any concerns problems or opinions they have. Everyone should have equal opportunity to receive help from the team and if no one can help we will work together to work out the issue. Everyone should respect and feel respected by every member of the team. When someone is speaking the rest of the team will listen. There will be no disrespect of any kind.

# Agile way of working.
If are assigned a job, take ownership of it, and keep it up to date. Stick to your agreed working patterns. Let the team know when you are late or going early. Keep JIRA board always updated. Update the Scrum Board as you progress the story i.e., don’t update at stand-up. Don't be afraid to ask for help. Don't be afraid to give constructive criticism if it is constructive. Solve roadblocks within the team. If the impediment can’t be solved within the team then give it to the Scrum Master. 

Other Sprints will start Wednesdays at 11:00. The Scrum Master role rotates each week, the schedule is available on the on the process section slack and GitHub project board will be used for task management and planning. Each member of the team will work couple hours per week unless they are on vacation. Branching Strategy is each member will create new branch to work on and then merge back into main branch after it is checked from a member of the team.

# Estimating Story Points
The teams team's velocity is calculated by the number of story points we achieve on average in the previous sprints.

The teams current story point velocity is "N/A".

# Definition of Ready
Story is pointed
Enough information to start
Acceptance criteria is defined
Definition of Done
Code
Min of <<how many?>> reviewers
Merged into main
Deployed successfully
Deployment Tested
Documentation
Reviewed, followed and executed by Reviewer
Working solution over documentation
