TeamReviewPlan.md, before:

Team Review

Everyone talks about their own pushes/code
What went well?
What went bad?
What would you improve?

<h2>John</h2>
<p>I created and pushed the initial code (CustomerLogin.java) as well as the registration confirmation email java file to the repository on GitHub.
I also created a file where the admin can get user details and also created a ViewGrantOptions java file with an accompanying Junit test that worked successfully.</p>

<li>	What went well? </li>
Everyone that shows up to the meetings and class puts in the work and communicates on Slack.
<li>	What went bad?</li>
Initially git commands and setting up the testing project.
<li>What would you improve?</li>
We could be a bit more organised with the repository, everything is clumped together but knowing the team we can fix that.</li>

<h2>Paul</h2>
<p>I created the database with tables customers, grants and grant status also had values in txt file for customers and grant
I helped john on his part for the user credentials check if credentials are valid
I created a java file to check the grant statues and connected to the database that Luke have already created and pull from table just reusing code but different SQL command.i created GrootMoneyExchange which takes in dollars and covents to euro and i also added two junit test to test if it correct and working</p>

<li>	What went well? </li>
Our team meeting as if anyone needs help can get it and information is clear then between all members of the team
<li>	What went bad?</li>
My self is not great with remembering all the git commands and just bit tricky 
<li>	What would you improve?</li>
Knowledge of how to be better with GitHub and all commands and branching would help the overall team.

<h2>Luke</h2>
<p>I created a java file which connects to the database
I improved the database by creating data in the tables
I added code to push and from data from the tables and corrected errors in sql file</p>

<li> What went well? </li>
Creating of the database and connecting it to the java file
<li >What went bad? </li>
I struggled at the start with using the git commands in the command line when pulling and pushing the project
<li >What would you improve? </li>
Overall communication as a team, we need to let each other know if we cant go in and update each other better on what work we have done.


<h2>Mark</h2>
<p>I created the enter customer information text. 
I created the website
I acknowledged johns code to send an email when a grant is approved and made a class to call this function when a grant is approved while also changing the status of the grant in the database
Created the document containing the information about the information standards of what can and should be stored. And also, what information we currently store in case of a data breach so we can be transparent with the customers and work on fixing the issue as fast as possible.
</p>

<li> What went well? </li>
Working as a team
<li >What went bad? </li>
Figuring out what to do and pushing to github
<li >What would you improve? </li>
How well the project board is used and how we layout the level of difficulty/time an issue will take to complete.

<h2>Jakub</h2>

<p></p>

<li> What went well? </li>

<li >What went bad? </li>

<li >What would you improve? </li>

<h2>Ciaran</h2>
<p>I created a simple view order java file taht just reads in the customers order number
Then i updated the TeamReviewPlan.md to update info for review this week</p>

<li> What went well? 
I found it easier commiting and pushing to git hub. </li>

<li >What went bad? 
Was hard to know what needed to be done to progress the project</li>

<li >What would you improve? 
Communication with team so we can establish jobs between spints
so we are better prepared to work on project during the week</li>

<h2>William</h2>
<p></p>

<li> What went well?</li>

<li >What went bad? </li>

<li >What would you improve? </li>

<h2>You</h2>
<p></p>

<li> What went well? </li>

<li >What went bad? </li>

<li >What would you improve? </li>

Commit message:

Partly resolves #gh24 by adding further documentation to TeamReviewPlan.md

TeamReviewPlan.md, after:

Team Review

Everyone talks about their own pushes/code
What went well?
What went bad?
What would you improve?

<h2>John</h2>
<p>I created and pushed the initial code (CustomerLogin.java) as well as the registration confirmation email java file to the repository on GitHub.
I also created a file where the admin can get user details and also created a ViewGrantOptions java file with an accompanying Junit test that worked successfully.</p>

<li>	What went well? </li>
Everyone that shows up to the meetings and class puts in the work and communicates on Slack.
<li>	What went bad?</li>
Initially git commands and setting up the testing project.
<li>What would you improve?</li>
We could be a bit more organised with the repository, everything is clumped together but knowing the team we can fix that.</li>

<h2>Paul</h2>
<p>I created the database with tables customers, grants and grant status also had values in txt file for customers and grant
I helped john on his part for the user credentials check if credentials are valid
I created a java file to check the grant statues and connected to the database that Luke have already created and pull from table just reusing code but different SQL command.i created GrootMoneyExchange which takes in dollars and covents to euro and i also added two junit test to test if it correct and working</p>

<li>	What went well? </li>
Our team meeting as if anyone needs help can get it and information is clear then between all members of the team
<li>	What went bad?</li>
My self is not great with remembering all the git commands and just bit tricky 
<li>	What would you improve?</li>
Knowledge of how to be better with GitHub and all commands and branching would help the overall team.

<h2>Luke</h2>
<p>I created a java file which connects to the database
I improved the database by creating data in the tables
I added code to push and from data from the tables and corrected errors in sql file</p>

<li> What went well? </li>
Creating of the database and connecting it to the java file
<li >What went bad? </li>
I struggled at the start with using the git commands in the command line when pulling and pushing the project
<li >What would you improve? </li>
Overall communication as a team, we need to let each other know if we cant go in and update each other better on what work we have done.


<h2>Mark</h2>
<p>I created the enter customer information text. 
I created the website
I acknowledged johns code to send an email when a grant is approved and made a class to call this function when a grant is approved while also changing the status of the grant in the database
Created the document containing the information about the information standards of what can and should be stored. And also, what information we currently store in case of a data breach so we can be transparent with the customers and work on fixing the issue as fast as possible.
I created a text file to discuss java documentation and useful links for research on how to document java files. 
I made my changes to the TeamReviewPlan.md file with documenting what I have done and what went well etc.
</p>

<li> What went well? </li>
Working as a team and having out informative meetings to clear up in issues
<li >What went bad? </li>
Figuring out what to do and pushing to github as each week there is a new issue but it always gets sorted
<li >What would you improve? </li>
How well the project board is used and how we layout the level of difficulty/time an issue will take to complete.

<h2>Jakub</h2>

<p></p>

<li> What went well? </li>

<li >What went bad? </li>

<li >What would you improve? </li>

<h2>Ciaran</h2>
<p>I created a simple view order java file taht just reads in the customers order number
Then i updated the TeamReviewPlan.md to update info for review this week</p>

<li> What went well? 
I found it easier commiting and pushing to git hub. </li>

<li >What went bad? 
Was hard to know what needed to be done to progress the project</li>

<li >What would you improve? 
Communication with team so we can establish jobs between spints
so we are better prepared to work on project during the week</li>

<h2>William</h2>
<p></p>

<li> What went well?</li>

<li >What went bad? </li>

<li >What would you improve? </li>

<h2>You</h2>
<p></p>

<li> What went well? </li>

<li >What went bad? </li>

<li >What would you improve? </li>
